Chapter 7.—INSECT PESTS GENERALLY.

141. Transportation or removal of insect pests prohibited.—No railroad, steamboat, express, stage, or other transportation company shall knowingly transport from one State or Territory into any other State or Territory, or from the District of Columbia into a State or Territory, or from a State or Territory into the District of Columbia, or from a foreign country into the United States, the gypsy moth, brown-tail moth, leopard moth, plum curculio, hop plant louse, boll weevil, or any of them in a live state, or other insect in a live state which is notoriously injurious to cultivated crops, including vegetables, field crops, bush fruits, orchard trees, forest trees, or shade trees; or the eggs, pupae, or larvae of any insect injurious as aforesaid, except when shipped for scientific purposes under the regulations hereinafter provided for; nor shall any person remove from one State or Territory into another State or Territory, or from a foreign country into the United States, or from a State or Territory into the District of Columbia, or from the District of Columbia into any State or Territory, except for scientific purposes under the regulations hereinafter provided for, the gypsy moth, brown-tail moth, leopard moth, plum curculio, hop plant louse, boll weevil, or any of them in a live state, or other insect in a live state which is notoriously injurious to cultivated crops, including vegetables, field crops, bush fruits, orchard trees, forest trees, or shade trees; or the eggs, pupae, or larvae of any insect injurious as aforesaid. (Mar. 3, 1905, c. 1501, § 1, 33 Stat. 1269.)
142. Mailing parcels, etc., containing insect pests; punishment.—Any letter, parcel, box, or other package containing the gypsy moth, brown-tail moth, leopard moth, plum curculio, hop plant louse, boll weevil, or any of them in a live state, or other insect in a live state which is notoriously injurious to cultivated crops, including vegetables, field crops, bush fruits, orchard trees, forest trees, or shade trees, or any letter, parcel, box, or package which contains the eggs, pupae, or larvae of any insect injurious as aforesaid, whether sealed as first-class matter or not, is hereby declared to be nonmailable matter, except when mailed for scientific purposes under the regulations hereinafter provided for, and shall not be conveyed in the mails, nor delivered from any post office, nor by any letter carrier, except when mailed for scientific purposes under the regulations hereinafter provided for; and any person who shall knowingly deposit, or cause to be deposited, for mailing or delivery, anything declared by this section to be nonmailable matter, or cause the same to be taken from the mails for the purpose of retaining, circulating, or disposing of, or of aiding in the retention, circulation, or disposition of the same shall, for each and every offense, be fined, upon conviction thereof, not more than $5,000 or imprisoned at hard labor not more than five years, or both, in the discretion of the court: Provided, That nothing in this chapter shall authorize any person to open any letter or sealed matter of the first class not addressed to himself. (Mar. 3, 1905, c. 1501, § 2, 33 Stat. 1270.)
143. Regulations for mailing, transportation, etc., for scientific purposes.—It shall be the duty of the Secretary of Agriculture, and he is hereby authorized and directed to prepare and promulgate rules and regulations under which the insects covered by sections 141 and 142 of this chapter may be mailed, shipped, transported, delivered, and removed, for scientific purposes, from one State or Territory into another State or Territory, or from the District of Columbia into a State or Territory, or from a State or Territory into the District of Columbia, and any insects covered by sections 141 and 142 of this chapter may be so mailed, shipped, transported, delivered, and removed, for scientific purposes, under the rules and regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture: Provided, That the rules and regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture, in so far as they affect the method of mailing insects, shall be approved by the Postmaster General, and nothing in this chapter shall be construed to prevent any State from making and enforcing laws in furtherance of the purposes of this chapter, prohibiting or regulating the admission into that State of insects from a foreign country. (Mar. 3, 1905, c. 1501, § 3, 33 Stat. 1270.)
144. Punishment for unlawful transportation or removal.—Any person, company, or corporation who shall knowingly violate the provisions of section 141 of this chapter shall, for each offense, be fined, upon conviction thereof, not more than $5,000 or imprisoned at hard labor not more than five years, or both, in the discretion of the court. (Mar. 3, 1905, c. 1501, § 4, 33 Stat. 1270.)
145. Mexican pink bollworm; establishment of zones free from cotton culture; cooperation with Mexican officials.—On account of the menace to cotton culture in the United States arising from the existence of the pink bollworm in Mexico, the Secretary of Agriculture, in order to prevent the establishment and spread of such worm in Texas and other parts of the United States, is authorized to make surveys to determine its actual distribution in Mexico; to establish, in cooperation with the States concerned, a zone or zones free from cotton culture on or near the border of any State or States adjacent to Mexico; and to cooperate with the Mexican Government or local Mexican authorities in the extermination of local infestations near the border of the United States. (Oct. 6, 1917, c. 79, § 1, 40 Stat. 371.)
