Chapter 9.—PACKERS AND STOCKYARDS.

GENERAL DEFINITIONS
181. Short title of chapter.—This chapter may be cited as the "Packers and Stockyards Act." (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 1, 42 Stat. 159.)
182. “Person”; “Secretary”; “meat food products"; "livestock"; "livestock products"; "commerce"; defined.—When used in this chapter—
(1) The term "person" includes individuals, partnerships, corporations, and associations;
(2) The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of Agriculture;
(3) The term "meat food products" means all products and by-products of the slaughtering and meat-packing industry—if edible;
(4) The term "livestock" means cattle, sheep, swine, horses, mules, or goats—whether live or dead;
(5) The term "livestock products" means all products and by-products (other than meats and meat food products) of the slaughtering and meat-packing industry derived in whole or in part from livestock; and
(6) The term "commerce" means commerce between any State, Territory, or possession, or the District of Columbia, and any place outside thereof; or between points within the same State, Territory, or possession, or the District of Columbia, but through any place outside thereof; or within any Territory or possession, or the District of Columbia. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 2, 42 Stat. 159.)
183. When transaction deemed in commerce; "State" defined.—For the purpose of this chapter (but not in any wise limiting the definition in the preceding section) a transaction in respect to any article shall be considered to be in commerce if such article is part of that current of commerce usual in the livestock and meat-packing industries, whereby livestock, meats, meat food products, livestock products, dairy products, poultry, poultry products, or eggs, are sent from one State with the expectation that they will end their transit, after purchase, in another, including, in addition to cases within the above general description, all cases where purchase or sale is either for shipment to another State, or for slaughter of livestock within the State and the shipment outside the State of the products resulting from such slaughter. Articles normally in such current of commerce shall not be considered out of such current through resort being had to any means or device intended to remove transactions in respect thereto from the provisions of this chapter. For the purpose of this section the word "State" includes Territory, the District of Columbia, possession of the United States, and foreign nation. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 2, 42 Stat. 159.)

PACKERS GENERALLY
191. Packer defined.—When used in this chapter the term "packer" means any person engaged in the business (a) of buying livestock in commerce for purposes of slaughter, or (b) of manufacturing or preparing meats or meat food products for sale or shipment in commerce, or (c) of manufacturing or preparing livestock products for sale or shipment in commerce, or (d) of marketing meats, meat food products, livestock products, dairy products, poultry, poultry products, or eggs, in commerce; but no person engaged in such business of manufacturing or preparing livestock products or in such marketing business shall be considered a packer unless—
(1) Such person is also engaged in any business referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, or unless
(2) Such person owns or controls, directly or indirectly, through stock ownership or control or otherwise, by himself or through his agents, servants, or employees, any interest in any business referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, or unless
(3) Any interest in such business of manufacturing or preparing livestock products, or in such marketing business is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, through stock ownership or control or otherwise, by himself or through his agents, servants, or employees, by any person engaged in any business referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, or unless
(4) Any person or persons jointly or severally, directly or indirectly, through stock ownership or control or otherwise, by themselves or through their agents, servants, or employees, own or control in the aggregate 20 per centum or more of the voting power or control in such business of manufacturing or preparing livestock products, or in such marketing business and also 20 per centum or more of such power or control in any business referred to in clause (a) or (b) above. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 201, 42 Stat. 160.)
192. Unlawful practices enumerated.—It shall be unlawful for any packer to:
(a) Engage in or use any unfair, unjustly discriminatory, or deceptive practice or device in commerce; or
(b) Make or give, in commerce, any undue or unreasonable preference or advantage to any particular person or locality in any respect whatsoever, or subject, in commerce, any particular person or locality to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect whatsoever; or
(c) Sell or otherwise transfer to or for any other packer, or buy or otherwise receive from or for any other packer, any article for the purpose or with the effect of apportioning the supply in commerce between any such packers, if such apportionment has the tendency or effect of restraining commerce or of creating a monopoly in commerce; or
(d) Sell or otherwise transfer to or for any other person, or buy or otherwise receive from or for any other person, any article for the purpose or with the effect of manipulating or controlling prices in commerce, or of creating a monopoly in the acquisition of, buying, selling, or dealing in, any article in commerce, or of restraining commerce; or
(e) Engage in any course of business or do any act for the purpose or with the effect of manipulating or controlling prices in commerce, or of creating a monopoly in the acquisition of, buying, selling, or dealing in, any article in commerce, or of restraining commerce; or
(f) Conspire, combine, agree, or arrange with any other person (1) to apportion territory for carrying on business in commerce, or (2) to apportion purchases or sales of any article in commerce, or (3) to manipulate or control prices in commerce; or
(g) Conspire, combine, agree, or arrange with any other person to do, or aid or abet the doing of, any act made unlawful by subdivision (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e). (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 61, § 2612, 42 Stat. 161.)
193. General procedure before Secretary for violations; complaint; hearing; intervention; report and order; service of process.—(a) Whenever the Secretary has reason to believe that any packer has violated or is violating any provision of sections 191 to 195 inclusive of this chapter, he shall cause a complaint in writing to be served upon the packer, stating his charges in that respect, and requiring the packer to attend and testify at a hearing at a time and place designated therein, at least thirty days after the service of such complaint; and at such time and place there shall be afforded the packer a reasonable opportunity to be informed as to the evidence introduced against him (including the right of cross-examination), and to be heard in person or by counsel and through witnesses, under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe. Any person for good cause shown may on application be allowed by the Secretary to intervene in such proceeding, and  appear in person or by counsel. At any time prior to the close of the hearing the Secretary may amend the complaint; but in case of any amendment adding new charges the hearing shall, on the request of the packer, be adjourned for a period not exceeding fifteen days.
(b) If, after such hearing, the Secretary finds that the packer has violated or is violating any provisions of sections 191 to 195 inclusive of this chapter covered by the charges, he shall make a report in writing in which he shall state his findings as to the facts, and shall issue and cause to be served on the packer an order requiring such packer to cease and desist from continuing such violation. The testimony taken at the hearing shall be reduced to writing and filed in the records of the Department of Agriculture.
(c) Until a transcript of the record in such hearing has been filed in a circuit court of appeals of the United States, as provided in section 194 of this chapter, the Secretary at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as he deems proper, but only after reasonable opportunity to the packer to be heard, may amend or set aside the report or order, in whole or in part.
(d) Complaints, orders, and other processes of the Secretary under this section may be served in the same manner as provided in section 45 of Title 15, COMMERCE AND TRADE. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 203, 42 Stat. 161.)
194. Conclusiveness of order; appeal and review; temporary and final injunction.—(a) An order made under section 193 of this chapter shall be final and conclusive unless within thirty days after service the packer appeals to the circuit court of appeals for the circuit in which he has his principal place of business, by filing with the clerk of such court a written petition praying that the Secretary's order be set aside or modified in the manner stated in the petition, together with a bond in such sum as the court may determine, conditioned that such packer will pay the costs of the proceedings if the court so directs.
(b) The clerk of the court shall immediately cause a copy of the petition to be delivered to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall forthwith prepare, certify, and file in the court a full and accurate transcript of the record in such proceedings, including the complaint, the evidence, and the report and order. If before such transcript is filed the Secretary amends or sets aside his report or order, in whole or in part, the petitioner may amend the petition within such time as the court may determine, on notice to the Secretary.
(c) At any time after such transcript is filed the court, on application of the Secretary, may issue a temporary injunction restraining, to the extent it deems proper, the packer and his officers, directors, agents, and employees, from violating any of the provisions of the order pending the final determination of the appeal.
(d) The evidence so taken or admitted, duly certified and filed as aforesaid as a part of the record, shall be considered by the court as the evidence in the case. The proceedings in such cases in the circuit court of appeals shall be made a preferred cause and shall be expedited in every way.
(e) The court may affirm, modify, or set aside the order of the Secretary.
(f) If the court determines that the just and proper disposition of the case requires the taking of additional evidence, the court shall order the hearing to be reopened for the taking of such evidence, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as the court may deem proper. The Secretary may modify his findings as to the facts, or make new findings, by reason of the additional evidence so taken, and he shall file such modified or new findings and his recommendations, if any, for the modification or setting aside of his order, with the return of such additional evidence.
(g) If the circuit court of appeals affirms or modifies the order of the Secretary, its decree shall operate as an injunction to restrain the packer, and his officers, directors, agents, and employees, from violating the provisions of such order or such order as modified.
(h) The circuit court of appeals shall have exclusive jurisdiction to review, and to affirm, set aside, or modify, such orders of the Secretary, and the judgment of such court shall be final except that it shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court of the United States upon certiorari, as provided in section 347 of Title 28, JUDICIAL CODE AND JUDICIARY, if such writ is duly applied for within sixty days after entry of the decree. The issue of such writ shall not operate as a stay of the decree of the circuit court of appeals, in so far as such decree operates as an injunction unless so ordered by the Supreme Court.
(i) For the purposes of sections 191 to 195 of this chapter the term “circuit court of appeals,” in case the principal place of business of the packer is in the District of Columbia, means the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 204, 42 Stat. 162.)
195. Punishment for violation of order.—Any packer, or any officer, director, agent, or employee of a packer, who fails to obey any order of the Secretary issued under the provisions of section 193 of this chapter, or such order as modified—
(1) After the expiration of the time allowed for filing a petition in the circuit court of appeals to set aside or modify such order, if no such petition has been filed within such time; or
(2) After the expiration of the time allowed for applying for a writ of certiorari, if such order, or such order as modified, has been sustained by the circuit court of appeals, and no such writ has  been applied for within such time; or
(3) After such order, or such order as modified, has been sustained by the courts as provided in section 194 of this chapter; shall on conviction be fined not less than $500 nor more than $10,000, or imprisoned for not less than six months nor more than five years, or both. Each day during which such failure continues shall be deemed a separate offense. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 205, 42 Stat. 163.)

STOCKYARDS AND STOCKYARD DEALERS
201. “Stockyard owner”; “stockyard services”; “market agency”; “dealer”; defined.—When used in this chapter—
(a) The term "stockyard owner" means any person engaged in the business of conducting or operating a stockyard;
(b) The term "stockyard services" includes services or facilities furnished at a stockyard in connection with the receiving, buying or selling on a commission basis or otherwise, marketing, feeding, watering, holding, delivery, shipment, weighing, or handling in commerce, of livestock; (c) The term "market agency" means any person engaged in the business of (1) buying or selling in commerce livestock at a stockyard on a commission basis or (2) furnishing stockyard services; and (d) The term "dealer" means any person, not a market agency, engaged in the business of buying or selling in commerce livestock at a stockyard, either on his own account or as the employee or agent of the vendor or purchaser. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 301, 42 Stat. 163.)
202. "Stockyard" defined; determination by Secretary as to particular yard.— (a) When used in sections 201 to 217, inclusive, of this chapter the term “stockyard” means any place, establishment, or facility commonly known as stockyards, conducted or operated for compensation or profit as a public market, consisting of pens, or other inclosures, and their appurtenances, in which live cattle, sheep, swine, horses, mules, or goats are received, held, or kept for sale or shipment in commerce. Sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter shall not apply to a stockyard of which the area normally available for handling livestock, exclusive of runs, alleys, or passage ways, is less than twenty thousand square feet. (b) The Secretary shall from time to time ascertain, after such inquiry as he deems necessary, the stockyards which come within the foregoing definition, and shall give notice thereof to the stockyard owners concerned, and give public notice thereof by posting copies of such notice in the stockyard, and in such other manner as he may determine. After the giving of such notice to the stockyard owner and to the public, the stockyard shall remain subject to the provisions of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter until like notice is given by the Secretary that such stockyard no longer comes within the foregoing definition. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 302, 42 Stat. 163.)
203. Registration of stockyard dealer or market agency; penalty for failure to register.—After the expiration of thirty days after the Secretary has given public notice that any stockyard is within the definition of section 202 of this chapter by posting copies of such notice in the stockyard, no person shall carry on the business of a market agency or dealer at such stockyard unless he has registered with the Secretary under such rules and regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, his name and address, the character of business in which he is engaged, and the kinds of stockyard services, if any, which he furnishes at such stockyard. Whoever violates the provisions of this section shall be liable to a penalty of not more than $500 for each such offense and not more than $25 for each day it continues, which shall accrue to the United States and may be recovered in a civil action brought by the United States. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 303, 42 Stat. 163.)
204. Bond and suspension of registrants.—The Secretary of Agriculture may require reasonable bonds from every market agency and dealer, under such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, to secure the performance of their obligations, and whenever, after due notice and hearing the Secretary finds any registrant is insolvent or has violated any provision of this chapter he may issue an order suspending such registrant for a reasonable specified period. Such order of suspension shall take effect within not less than five days, unless suspended or modified or set aside by the Secretary of Agriculture or a court of competent jurisdiction. (Feb. 10, 1925, c. 200, 43 Stat. 851.)
205. General duty as to services.—It shall be the duty of every stockyard owner and market agency to furnish upon reasonable request, without discrimination, reasonable stockyard services at such stockyard. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 304, 42 Stat. 164.)
206. Rates and charges generally; discrimination.—All rates or charges made for any stockyard services furnished at a stockyard by a stockyard owner or market agency shall be just, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory, and any unjust, unreasonable, or discriminatory rate or charge is prohibited and declared to be unlawful. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 305, 42 Stat. 164.)
207. Schedule of rates; filing and exhibition; change in rates; suspension; penalties.—(a) Within sixty days after the Secretary has given public notice that a stockyard is within the definition of section 202 of this chapter, by posting copies of such notice in the stockyard, the stockyard owner and every market agency at such stockyard shall file with the Secretary, and print and keep open to public inspection at the stockyard, schedules showing all rates and charges for the stockyard services furnished by such person at such stockyard. If a market agency commences business at the stockyard after the expiration of such sixty days such schedules must be filed before any stockyard services are furnished. 
(b) Such schedules shall plainly state all such rates and charges in such detail as the Secretary may require, and shall also state any rules or regulations which in any manner change, affect, or determine any part or the aggregate of such rates or charges, or the value of the stockyard services furnished. The Secretary may determine and prescribe the form and manner in which such schedules shall be prepared, arranged, and posted, and may from time to time make such changes in respect thereto as may be found expedient. 
(c) No changes shall be made in the rates or charges so filed and published, except after ten days' notice to the Secretary and to the public filed and published as aforesaid, which shall plainly state the changes proposed to be made and the time such changes will go into effect; but the Secretary may, for good cause shown, allow changes on less than ten days' notice, or modify the requirements of this section in respect to publishing, posting, and filing of schedules, either in particular instances or by a general order applicable to special or peculiar circumstances or conditions. 
(d) The Secretary may reject and refuse to file any schedule tendered for filing which does not provide and give lawful notice of its effective date, and any schedule so rejected by the Secretary shall be void and its use shall be unlawful. 
(e) Whenever there is filed with the Secretary any schedule, stating a new rate or charge, or a new regulation or practice affecting any rate or charge, the Secretary may either upon complaint or upon his own initiative without complaint, at once, and if he so orders without answer or other formal pleading by the person filing such schedule, but upon reasonable notice, enter upon a hearing concerning the lawfulness of such rate, charge, regulation, or practice, and pending such hearing and decision thereon the Secretary, upon filing with such schedule and delivering to the person filing it a statement in writing of his reasons for such suspension, may suspend the operation of such schedule and defer the use of such rate, charge, regulation, or practice, but not for a longer period than thirty days beyond the time when it would otherwise go into effect; and after full hearing, whether completed before or after the rate, charge, regulation, or practice goes into effect, the Secretary may make such order with reference thereto as would be proper in a proceeding initiated after it had become effective. If any such hearing can not be concluded within the period of suspension the Secretary may extend the time of suspension for a further period not exceeding thirty days, and if the proceeding has not been concluded and an order made at the expiration of such thirty days, the proposed change of rate, charge, regulation, or practice shall go into effect at the end of such period.
(f) After the expiration of the sixty days referred to in subdivision (a) no person shall carry on the business of a stockyard owner or market agency unless the rates and charges for the stockyard services furnished at the stockyard have been filed and published in accordance with this section and the orders of the Secretary made thereunder; nor charge, demand, or collect a greater or less or different compensation for such services than the rates and charges specified in the schedules filed and in effect at the time; nor refund or remit in any manner any portion of the rates or charges so specified (but this shall not prohibit a cooperative association of producers from bona fide returning to its members, on a patronage basis, its excess earnings on their livestock, subject to such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe); nor extend to any person at such stockyard any stockyard services except such as are specified in such schedules.
(g) Whoever fails to comply with the provisions of this section or of any regulation or order of the Secretary made thereunder shall be liable to a penalty of not more than $500 for each such offense, and not more than $25 for each day it continues, which shall accrue to the United States and may be recovered in a civil action brought by the United States.
(h) Whoever willfully fails to comply with the provisions of this section or of any regulation or order of the Secretary made thereunder shall on conviction be fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 306, 42 Stat. 164.)
208. Unreasonable or discriminatory practices generally.—It shall be the duty of every stockyard owner and market agency to establish, observe, and enforce just, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory regulations and practices in respect to the furnishing of stockyard services, and every unjust, unreasonable, or discriminatory regulation or practice is prohibited and declared to be unlawful. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 307, 42 Stat. 165.)
209. Liability to individuals for violations; enforcement generally.—
(a) If any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer violates any of the provisions of sections 205, 206, 207, or 208 of this chapter, or of any order of the Secretary made under sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, he shall be liable to the person or persons injured thereby for the full amount of damages sustained in consequence of such violation.
(b) Such liability may be enforced either (1) by complaint to the Secretary as provided in section 210 of this chapter, or (2) by suit in any district court of the United States of competent jurisdiction; but this section shall not in any way abridge or alter the remedies now existing at common law or by statute, but the provisions of this chapter are in addition to such remedies. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 308, 42 Stat. 165.)
210. Proceedings before Secretary for violations generally; action to enforce order of Secretary.—(a) Any person complaining of anything done or omitted to be done by any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer (hereinafter in this section referred to as the "defendant") in violation of the provisions of sections 205, 206, 207, or 208 of this chapter, or of an order of the Secretary made under sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, may, at any time within ninety days after the cause of action accrues, apply to the Secretary by petition which shall briefly state the facts, whereupon the complaint thus made shall be forwarded by the Secretary to the defendant, who shall be called upon to satisfy the complaint, or to answer it in writing, within a reasonable time to be specified by the Secretary. If the defendant within the time specified makes reparation for the injury alleged to be done he shall be relieved of liability to the complainant only for the particular violation thus complained of. If the defendant does not satisfy the complaint within the time specified, or there appears to be any reasonable ground for investigating the complaint, it shall be the duty of the Secretary to investigate the matters complained of in such manner and by such means as he deems proper.
(b) The Secretary, at the request of the livestock commissioner, board of agriculture, or other agency of a State or Territory, having jurisdiction over stockyards in such State or Territory, shall investigate any complaint forwarded by such agency in like manner and with the same authority and powers as in the case of a complaint made under subdivision (a).
(c) The Secretary may at any time institute an inquiry on his own motion, in any case and as to any matter or thing concerning which a complaint is authorized to be made to or before the Secretary, by any provision of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, or concerning which any question may arise under any of the provisions of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, or relating to the enforcement of any of the provisions of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter. The Secretary shall have the same power and authority to proceed with any inquiry instituted upon his own motion as though he had been appealed to by petition, including the power to make and enforce any order or orders in the case or relating to the matter or thing concerning which the inquiry is had, except orders for the payment of money.
(d) No complaint shall at any time be dismissed because of the absence of direct damage to the complainant.
(e) If after hearing on a complaint, the Secretary determines that the complainant is entitled to an award of damages, the Secretary shall make an order directing the defendant to pay to the complainant the sum to which he is entitled on or before a day named.
(f) If the defendant does not comply with an order for the payment of money within the time named in such order, the complainant, or any person for whose benefit such order was made, may within one year of the date of the order file in the district court of the United States for the district in which he resides or in which is located the principal place of business of the defendant or in any State court having general jurisdiction of the parties, a petition setting forth briefly the causes for which he claims damages and the order of the Secretary in the premises. Such suit in the district court shall proceed in all respects like other civil suits for damages except that the findings and orders of the Secretary shall be prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated, and the petitioner shall not be liable for costs in the district court nor for costs at any subsequent stage of the proceedings unless they accrue upon his appeal. If the petitioner finally prevails he shall be allowed a reasonable attorney's fee to be fixed and collected as a part of the costs of the suit. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 309, 42 Stat. 165.)
211. Order of Secretary as to charges or practices; prescribing rates and practices generally.—Whenever after null hearing upon a complaint made as provided in section 210 of this chapter, or after full hearing under an order for investigation and hearing made by the Secretary on his own initiative, either in extension of any pending complaint or without any complaint whatever, the Secretary is of the opinion that any rate, charge, regulation, or practice of a stockyard owner or market agency, for or in connection with the furnishing of stockyard services, is or will be unjust, unreasonable, or discriminatory, the Secretary—
(a) May determine and prescribe what will be the just and reasonable rate or charge, or rates or charges, to be thereafter observed in such case, or the maximum or minimum, or maximum and minimum, to be charged, and what regulation or practice is or will be just, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory to be thereafter followed; and
(b) May make an order that such owner or operator (1) shall cease and desist from such violation to the extent to which the Secretary finds that it does or will exist; (2) shall not thereafter publish, demand, or collect any rate or charge for the furnishing of stockyard services other than the rate or charge so prescribed, or in excess of the maximum or less than the minimum so prescribed, as the case may be; and (3) shall conform to and observe the regulation or practice so prescribed. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 310, 42 Stat. 166.)
212. Prescribing rates and practices to prevent discrimination between intrastate and interstate commerce.—Whenever in any investigation under the provisions of sections 210 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, or in any investigation instituted by petition of the stockyard owner or market agency concerned, which petition is hereby authorized to be filed, the Secretary after full hearing finds that any rate, charge, regulation, or practice of any stockyard owner or market agency, for or in connection with the buying or selling on a commission basis or otherwise, receiving, marketing, feeding, holding, delivery, shipment, weighing, or handling, not in commerce, of livestock, causes any undue or unreasonable advantage, prejudice, or preference as between persons or localities in intrastate commerce in livestock on the one hand and interstate or foreign commerce in livestock on the other hand, or any undue, unjust, or unreasonable discrimination against interstate or foreign commerce in livestock, which is hereby forbidden and declared to be unlawful, the Secretary shall prescribe the rate, charge, regulation, or practice thereafter to be observed, in such manner as, in his judgment, will remove such advantage, preference, or discrimination. Such rates, charges, regulations, or practices shall be observed while in effect by the stockyard owners or market agencies parties to such proceeding affected thereby, the law of any State or the decision or order of any State authority to the contrary notwithstanding. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 311, 42 Stat. 167.)
213. Prevention of unfair, discriminatory, or deceptive practices.—(a) It shall be unlawful for any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer to engage in or use any unfair, unjustly discriminatory, or deceptive practice or device in connection with the receiving, marketing, buying or selling on a commission basis or otherwise, feeding, watering, holding, delivery, shipment, weighing or handling, in commerce at a stockyard, of livestock.
(b) Whenever complaint is made to the Secretary by any person, or whenever the Secretary has reason to believe, that any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer is violating the provisions of subdivision (a), the Secretary after notice and full hearing may make an order that he shall cease and desist from continuing such violation to the extent that the Secretary finds that it does or will exist. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 312, 42 Stat. 167.)
214. When orders effective generally.—Except as otherwise provided in this chapter all orders of the Secretary under sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, other than orders for the payment of money, shall take effect within such reasonable time, not less than five days, as is prescribed in the order, and shall continue in force until his further order, or for a specified period of time, according as is prescribed in the order, unless such order is suspended or modified or set aside by the Secretary or is suspended or set aside by a court of competent jurisdiction. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 313, 42 Stat. 167.)
215. Failure to obey orders generally; punishment.— (a) Any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer who knowingly fails to obey any order made under the provisions of sections 211, 212, or 213 of this chapter shall forfeit to the United States the sum of $500 for each offense. Each distinct violation shall be a separate offense, and in case of a continuing violation each day shall be deemed a separate offense. Such forfeiture shall be recoverable in a civil suit in the name of the United States.
(b) It shall be the duty of the various district attorneys, under the direction of the Attorney General, to prosecute for the recovery of forfeitures. The costs and expense of such prosecution shall be paid out of the appropriation for the expenses of the courts of the United States. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 314, 42 Stat. 167.)
216. Court proceedings to enforce orders; injunction.—If any stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer fails to obey any order of the Secretary (other than for the payment of money) while the same is in effect, the Secretary, or any party injured thereby, or the United States by its Attorney General, may apply to the district court for the district in which such person has his principal place of business for the enforcement of such order. If after hearing the court determines that the order was lawfully made and duly served and that such person is in disobedience of the same, the court shall enforce obedience to such order by a writ of injunction or other proper process, mandatory or otherwise, to restrain such person, his officers, agents, or representatives from further disobedience of such order or to enjoin upon him or them obedience to the same. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 315, 42 Stat. 167.)
217. Proceedings for suspension of orders.—For the purposes of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, the provisions of all laws relating to the suspending or restraining the enforcement, operation, or execution of, or the setting aside in whole or in part the orders of the Interstate Commerce Commission, are made applicable to the jurisdiction, powers, and duties of the Secretary in enforcing the provisions of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter, and to any person subject to the provisions of sections 201 to 217 inclusive of this chapter. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 316, 42 Stat. 168.)

COMMON PROVISIONS
221. Accounts and records of business; punishment for failure to keep.—Every packer, stockyard owner, market agency, and dealer shall keep such accounts, records, and memoranda as fully and correctly disclose all transactions involved in his business, including the true ownership of such business by stockholding or otherwise. Whenever the Secretary finds that the accounts, records, and memoranda of any such person do not fully and correctly disclose all transactions involved in his business, the Secretary may prescribe the manner and form in which such accounts, records, and memoranda shall be kept, and thereafter any such person who fails to keep such accounts, records, and memoranda in the manner and form prescribed or approved by the Secretary shall upon conviction be fined not more than $5,000, or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 401, 42 Stat. 168.)
222. Federal Trade Commission powers adopted for enforcement of chapter.—For the efficient execution of the provisions of this chapter, and in order to provide information for the use of Congress, the provisions (including penalties) of sections 46, 48, 49, and 50 of Title 15, COMMERCE AND TRADE, are made applicable to the jurisdiction, powers, and duties of the Secretary in enforcing the provisions of this chapter and to any person subject to the provisions of this chapter, whether or not a corporation. The Secretary, in person or by such agents as he may designate, may prosecute any inquiry necessary to his duties under this chapter in any part of the United States. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 402, 42 Stat. 168.)
223. Responsibility of principal for act or omission of agent.—When construing and enforcing the provisions of this chapter, the act, omission, or failure of any agent, officer, or other person acting for or employed by any packer, stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer, within the scope of his employment or office, shall in every case also be deemed the act, omission, or failure of such packer, stockyard owner, market agency, or dealer, as well as that of such agent, officer, or other person. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 403, 42 Stat. 168.)
224. Attorney General to institute court proceedings for enforcement.—The Secretary may report any violation of this chapter to the Attorney General of the United States, who shall cause appropriate proceedings to be commenced and prosecuted in the proper courts of the United States without delay. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 404, 42 Stat. 168.)
225. Other laws unaffected.—Nothing contained in this chapter, except as otherwise provided herein, shall be construed—(a) To prevent or interfere with the enforcement of, or the procedure under, the provisions of sections 1 to 27 inclusive, sections 41 to 65 inclusive, Title 15, COMMERCE AND TRADE, or the provisions of chapter 1, Title 49, “Transportation,” or
(b) To alter, or repeal such sections or any part or parts thereof, or
(c) To prevent or interfere with any investigation, proceeding, or prosecution begun and pending on August 15, 1921. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 405, 42 Stat. 168.)
226. Powers of Interstate Commerce Commission unaffected.—Nothing in this chapter shall affect the power or jurisdiction of the Interstate Commerce Commission, nor confer upon the Secretary concurrent power or jurisdiction over any matter within the power or jurisdiction of such Commission. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 406, 42 Stat. 169.)
227. Powers of Federal Trade Commission restricted.—So long as this chapter remains in effect, the Federal Trade Commission shall have no power or jurisdiction so far as relating to any matter which by this chapter is made subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary except when the Secretary of Agriculture, in the exercise of his duties hereunder, shall request of the said Federal Trade Commission that it make investigations and report in any case. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 407, 42 Stat. 169.)
228. General authority of Secretary as to rules, regulations, and expenditures.—The Secretary may make such rules, regulations and orders as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this chapter and may cooperate with any department or agency of the Government, any State, Territory, District, or possession, or department, agency or political subdivision thereof, or any person; and shall have the power to appoint, remove, and fix the compensation of such officers and employees, not in conflict with existing law, and make such expenditures for rent outside the District of Columbia, printing, telegrams, telephones, law books, books of reference, periodicals, furniture, stationery, office equipment, travel and other supplies and expenses as shall be necessary to the administration of this chapter in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, as may be appropriated for by Congress, and there is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary for such purpose. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 407, 42 Stat. 169.)
229. Effect of partial invalidity.—If any provision of this chapter or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the validity of the remainder of the chapter and of the application of such provision to other persons and circumstances shall not be affected thereby. (Aug. 15, 1921, c. 64, § 408, 42 Stat. 169.)
