Chapter 17.—MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.

411. Establishment of Bureau of Agricultural Economics; transfer of powers—The powers conferred prior to May 11, 1922, and the duties imposed by law on the Bureau of Markets, Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates, and the Office of Farm Management and Farm Economics of the Department of Agriculture shall be exercised and performed by the Bureau of Agricultural Economics. (May 11, 1922, c. 185, 42 Stat. 532.)
412. July acreage cotton crop report—The Secretary of Agriculture is directed to cause the Bureau of Agricultural Economics of the Department of Agriculture to issue a report, on or about the first Monday in July of each year, showing by States and in total the number of acres of cotton then in cultivation in the United States. (May 27, 1912, c. 135, § 1, 37 Stat. 118.)
413. Semimonthly cotton crop reports—The Secretary of Agriculture shall discontinue acreage reports based upon farmers’ intention to plant cotton and shall cause to be issued between July 1 and December 1 semimonthly reports as to the condition, progress, and probable production of cotton. No such report shall be approved and released by the Secretary of Agriculture until it shall have been passed upon by a cotton crop reporting committee or board consisting of five members or more to be designated by him, not less than three of which shall be supervisory field statisticians of the Department of Agriculture located in different sections of the cotton-growing States, experienced in estimating cotton production and who have first-hand knowledge of the condition of the cotton crop based on recent field observations, and a majority of which committee or board shall be familiar with the methods and practices of producing cotton: Provided, That the foregoing reports as of the following dates, August 1, August 16, September 1, September 16, October 1, October 18, November 1, November 14, and December 1, shall be released simultaneously with the cotton-ginning reports of the Bureau of the Census relating to the same date, the two reports to be issued from the same place at eleven o’clock antemeridian of the eighth day following that to which the respective reports relate. When such date of release falls on Sunday or a legal holiday, the report shall be issued at eleven o’clock antemeridian of the next succeeding workday. (May 3, 1924, c. 149, § 1, 43 Stat. 115.)
414. Certification of condition, etc., of agricultural products shipped in interstate commerce; certificate as evidence—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to investigate and certify to shippers and other interested parties the class, quality, and condition of cotton and fruits, vegetables, poultry, butter, hay, and other perishable farm products when offered for interstate shipment or when received at such important central markets as the Secretary of Agriculture may from time to time designate, or at points which may be conveniently reached therefrom, under such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, including payment of such fees as will be reasonable and as nearly as may be to cover the cost for the service rendered: Provided, That certificates issued by the authorized agents of the department shall be received in all courts of the United States as prima facie evidence of the truth of the statements therein contained. (Feb. 10, 1925, c. 200, 43 Stat. 844.)
415. Purchase of seeds and plants for distribution—Purchase and distribution by the Secretary of Agriculture of vegetable, field, and flower seeds, plants, shrubs, vines, bulbs, and cuttings shall be of the freshest and best obtainable varieties and adapted to general cultivation. (Apr. 25, 1896, c. 140, § 1, 29 Stat. 106.)
416. Letting contract for packeting, etc., of seeds, etc., for distribution—The Secretary of Agriculture, after due advertisement and on competitive bids, is authorized to award the contract for the supplying of printed packets and envelopes and the packeting, assembling, and mailing of the seeds, bulbs, shrubs, vines, cuttings, and plants, or any part thereof, for a period of not more than five years nor less than one year, if by such action he can best protect the interests of the United States. (May 11, 1922, c. 185, 42 Stat. 517.)
417. Distribution of farmers’ bulletins—In the distribution of farmers’ bulletins, which shall be adapted to the interests of the people of the different sections of the country, an equal proportion of four-fifths shall be delivered to or sent out under the addressed franks furnished by Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in Congress, as such Senators, Representatives, or Delegates shall direct: Provided, That the Secretary of Agriculture shall notify Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in Congress of the title and character of each such bulletin, with the total number to which each Senator, Representative, and Delegate may be entitled for such distribution; and on the face of the envelope inclosing said bulletins shall be printed the title of each bulletin contained therein: Provided further, That all such bulletins included in the quotas of Senators, Representatives, or Delegates not called for on or before the 31st day of May in each fiscal year shall revert to the Secretary of Agriculture, and be available to him, either for miscellaneous distribution, or in making up congressional quotas for the next fiscal year. (June 30, 1906, c. 3913, 34 Stat. 690.)
418. Annual report by Secretary on work of agricultural experiment stations and of college extension work; publication and distribution—There shall be prepared by the Department of Agriculture an annual report on the work and expenditures of the agricultural experiment stations established under chapter 14 of this title, on the work and expenditures of the Department of Agriculture in connection therewith, and on the cooperative agricultural extension work and expenditures of the Department of Agriculture and of agricultural colleges under sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of chapter 13 of this title, and there shall be printed annually eight thousand copies of said report, of which one thousand copies shall be for the use of the Senate, two thousand copies for the use of the House of Representatives, and five thousand copies for the use of the Department of Agriculture. (Mar. 4, 1915, c. 144, 38 Stat. 1110.)
419. Sale by Secretary of Agriculture of products of agricultural experiment stations in Alaska and insular possessions; disposition of moneys—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to sell such products as are obtained on the land belonging to the agricultural experiment stations in Alaska, Hawaii, Porto Rico, the Island of Guam, and the Virgin Islands of the United States, and the amount obtained from the sale thereof shall be covered into the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts. (Feb. 10, 1925, c. 200, 43 Stat. 824.)
420. Power to administer oaths, examine witnesses, or require production of books, etc.—In the performance of the duties required of the Bureau of Economics in the administration or enforcement of provisions of Acts (United States Cotton Futures Act, chapter 13 of Title 26; United States Grain Standards Act, chapter 3 of this title; United States Warehouse Act, chapter 10 of this title; Standard Container Act, Title 15, Commerce and Trade, sections 251 to 256, inclusive; and the Acts making annual appropriations for the Department of Agriculture) and relating to the Department of Agriculture, the Secretary of Agriculture, or any representative specifically authorized in writing by him for the purpose, shall have power to administer oaths, examine witnesses, and call for the production of books and papers. (July 24, 1919, c. 26, 41 Stat. 271.)
