Chapter 15.—BUREAU OF ANIMAL INDUSTRY.

391. Establishment of bureau; appointment of chief; general duties.—There shall be in the Department of Agriculture a Bureau of Animal Industry. The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to appoint a chief thereof, who shall be a competent veterinary surgeon, and whose duty it shall be to investigate and report upon the condition of the domestic animals of the United States, their protection and use, and also inquire into and report the causes of contagious, infectious, and communicable diseases among them, and the means for the prevention and cure of the same, and to collect such information on these subjects as shall be valuable to the agricultural and commercial interests of the country. (May 29, 1884, c. 60, § 1, 23 Stat. 31.)
392. Sale or exchange of animals not needed; disposition of moneys.—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to sell in the open market or to exchange for other breeding animals or animal products to the best advantage, without the usual condemnation proceedings and public auction, such animals or animal products produced or purchased under the appropriations made by Congress for the use of the Bureau of Animal Industry as may not be needed in the work of that bureau: Provided, That all moneys received from the sale of such animals or animal products, or as a bonus in the exchange of the same, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. (Aug. 10, 1912, c. 281, 37 Stat. 274.)
393. Sale of pathological and zoological specimens; disposition of moneys.—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to prepare and sell at cost such pathological and zoological specimens as he may deem of scientific or educational value to scientists or others engaged in the work of hygiene and sanitation: Provided, That all moneys received from the sale of such specimens shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. (Mar. 4, 1913, c. 145, 37 Stat. 837.)
394. Overtime of employees engaged in enforcement of Meat Inspection Act.—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized, in his discretion, to pay employees of the Bureau of Animal Industry employed in establishments subject to the provisions of the Meat Inspection Act constituting sections 71 to 93, inclusive, of chapter 4 of Title Food and Drugs Act, for all overtime work performed at such establishments, at such rates as he may determine, and to accept from such establishments wherein such overtime work is performed reimbursement for any sums paid out by him for such overtime work. (July 24, 1919, c. 26, 41 Stat. 241.)
