Chapter 4.—NAVAL STORES ACT.

91. Short title of chapter.—For convenience of reference, this chapter may be designated and cited as “The Naval Stores Act.” (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 1, 42 Stat. 1435.)
92. Definitions.—When used in this chapter—
(a) “Naval stores” means spirits of turpentine and rosin.
(b) “Spirits of turpentine” includes gum spirits of turpentine and wood turpentine.
(c) “Gum spirits of turpentine” means spirits of turpentine made from gum (oleoresin) from a living tree.
(e) “Steam distilled wood turpentine” means wood turpentine distilled with steam from the oleoresin within or extracted from the wood.
(f) “Destructively distilled wood turpentine” means wood turpentine obtained in the destructive distillation of the wood.
(g) “Rosin” includes gum rosin and wood rosin.
(h) “Gum rosin” means rosin remaining after the distillation of gum spirits of turpentine.
(i) “Wood rosin” means rosin remaining after the distillation of steam distilled wood turpentine.
(j) “Package” means any container of naval stores, and includes barrel, tank, tank car, or other receptacle.
(k) “Person” includes partnerships, associations, and corporations, as well as individuals.
(l) The term “commerce” means commerce between any State, Territory, or possession, or the District of Columbia, and any place outside thereof; or between points within the same State, Territory, or possession, or the District of Columbia, but through any place outside thereof; or within any Territory or possession or the District of Columbia. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 2, 42 Stat. 1435.)
93. Establishment of official naval stores standards.—For the purposes of this chapter the kinds of spirits of turpentine defined in subdivisions (c), (e), and (f) of section 92 hereof and the rosin types, prepared prior to March 3, 1923, and recommended under existing laws, by or under authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, are hereby made the standards for naval stores until otherwise prescribed as hereinafter provided. The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to establish and promulgate standards for  naval stores for which no standards are herein provided, after at least three months’ notice of the proposed standard shall have been given to the trade, so far as practicable, and due hearings or reasonable opportunities to be heard shall have been afforded those favoring or opposing the same. No such standard shall become effective until after three months from the date of the promulgation thereof. Any standard made by this chapter or established and promulgated by the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance therewith may be modified by said Secretary whenever, for reasons and causes deemed by him sufficient, the interests of the trade shall so require, after at least six months’ notice of the proposed modifications shall have been given to the trade, so far as practicable, and due hearings or reasonable opportunities to be heard shall have been afforded those favoring or opposing the same; and no such modification so made shall become effective until after six months from the date when made.
The various grades of rosin, from highest to lowest, shall be designated, unless and until changed, as hereinbefore provided, by the following letters, respectively: X, WW, WG, N, M, K, I, H, G, F, E, D, and B, together with the designation “gum rosin” or “wood rosin,” as the case may be. The standards herein made and authorized to be made shall be known as the “Official Naval Stores Standards of the United States,” and may be referred to by the abbreviated expression “United States Standards,” and shall be the standards by which all naval stores in commerce shall be graded and described. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 3, 42 Stat. 1435.)
94. Supplying duplicates of standards; examination, etc., of naval stores and certification thereof.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall provide, if practicable, any interested persons with duplicates of the official naval stores standards of the United States upon request accompanied by tender of satisfactory security for the return thereof, under such regulations as he may prescribe. The Secretary of Agriculture shall examine, if practicable, upon request of any interested person, any naval stores and shall analyze, classify, or grade the same on tender of the cost thereof as required by him, under such regulations as he may prescribe. He shall furnish a certificate showing the analysis, classification, or grade of such naval stores, which certificate shall be prima facie evidence of the analysis, classification, or grade of such naval stores and of the contents of any package from which the same may have been taken, as well as of the correctness of such analysis, classification, or grade and shall be admissible as such in any court. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 4, 42 Stat. 1436.)
95. Prohibition of acts deemed injurious to commerce in naval stores.—The following acts are hereby declared injurious to commerce in naval stores and are hereby prohibited and made unlawful:
(a) The sale in commerce of any naval stores, or of anything offered as such, except under or by reference to United States standards.
(b) The sale of any naval stores under or by reference to United States standards which is other than what it is represented to be.
(c) The use in commerce of the word “turpentine” or the word “rosin,” singly or with any other word or words, or of any compound, derivative, or imitation of either such word, or of any misleading word, or of any word, combination of words, letter, or combination of letters, provided herein or by the Secretary of Agriculture to be used to designate naval stores of any kind or grade, in selling, offering for sale, advertising, or shipping anything other than naval stores of the United States standards.
(d) The use in commerce of any false, misleading, or deceitful means or practice in the sale of naval stores or of anything offered as such. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 5, 42 Stat. 1436.)
96. Punishment for violation of prohibition.—Any person willfully violating any provision of section 95 of this chapter shall, on conviction, be punished for each offense by a fine not exceeding $5,000 or by imprisonment for not exceeding one year or both. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 6, 42 Stat. 1436.)
97. Purchase and analysis by Secretary of samples of spirits of turpentine to detect violations; reports to Department of Justice; publication of results of analysis, etc.—The Secretary of Agriculture is hereby authorized to purchase from time to time in open market samples of spirits of turpentine and of anything offered for sale as such for the purpose of analysis, classification, or grading and of detecting any violation of this chapter. He shall report to the Department of Justice for appropriate action any violation of this chapter coming to his knowledge. He is also authorized to publish from time to time results of any analysis, classification, or grading of spirits of turpentine and of anything offered for sale as such made by him under any provision of this chapter. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 7, 42 Stat. 1436.)
98. Appropriation for and expenses in enforcement of chapter.—There are hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary for the administration and enforcement of this chapter, and within the limits of such sums the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to employ such persons and means and make such expenditures for printing, telegrams, telephones, books of reference, periodicals, furniture, stationery, office equipment, travel and supplies, and all other expenses as shall be necessary in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 8, 42 Stat. 1436.)
99. Effect of partial invalidity of chapter.—If any provision of this chapter or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the validity of the remainder of the chapter and of the application of such provision to other persons and circumstances shall not be affected thereby. (Mar. 3, 1923, c. 217, § 9, 42 Stat. 1437.)
