Chapter 8.—NURSERY STOCK AND OTHER PLANTS AND PLANT PRODUCTS.

151. "Person" defined.—The word "person" as used in this chapter shall be construed to import both the plural and the singular, as the case demands, and shall include corporations, companies, societies, and associations. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 11, 37 Stat. 319.)
152. “Nursery stock” defined.—For the purposes of this chapter the term "nursery stock" shall include all field-grown florists' stock, trees, shrubs, vines, cuttings, grafts, scions, buds, fruit pits and other seeds of fruit and ornamental trees or shrubs, and other plants and plant products for propagation, except field, vegetable, and flower seeds, bedding plants, and other herbaceous plants, bulbs, and roots. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 6, 37 Stat. 317.)
153. Liability of principal for act of agent.—When construing and enforcing the provisions of this chapter, the act, omission, or failure of any officer, agent, or other person acting for or employed by any corporation, company, society, or association, within the scope of his employment or office, shall in every case be also deemed to be the act, omission, or failure of such corporation, company, society, or association as well as that of the person. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 11, 37 Stat. 319.)
154. General restriction on importation of nursery stock; exceptions.—It shall be unlawful for any person to import or offer for entry into the United States any nursery stock unless and until a permit shall have been issued therefor by the Secretary of Agriculture, under such conditions and regulations as the said Secretary of Agriculture may prescribe, and unless such nursery stock shall be accompanied by a certificate of inspection, in number and form as required by the Secretary of Agriculture, of the proper official of the country from which the importation is made, to the effect that the stock has been thoroughly inspected and is believed to be free from injurious plant diseases and insect pests: Provided, That the Secretary of Agriculture shall issue the permit for any particular importation of nursery stock when the conditions and regulations as prescribed in this chapter shall have been complied with: Provided further, That nursery stock may be imported for experimental or scientific purposes by the Department of Agriculture upon such conditions and under such regulations as the said Secretary of Agriculture may prescribe: And provided further, That nursery stock imported from countries where no official system of inspection for such stock is maintained may be admitted upon such conditions and under such regulations as the Secretary of Agriculture may prescribe. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 1, 37 Stat. 315.)
155. Importation for scientific purposes permitted.—Any class of nursery stock or of any other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products of which the importation may be forbidden from any country or locality under the provisions of section 160 of this chapter may be imported for experimental or scientific purposes by the Department of Agriculture upon such conditions and under such regulations as the said Secretary of Agriculture may prescribe. (Mar. 4, 1913, c. 145, 37 Stat. 853.)

156. Notification of arrival at port of entry; forwarding without notification forbidden; inspection before shipment.—It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury promptly to notify the Secretary of Agriculture of the arrival of any nursery stock at port of entry. The person receiving such stock at port of entry shall, immediately upon entry and before such stock is delivered for shipment or removed from the port of entry, advise the Secretary of Agriculture or, at his direction, the proper State, Territorial, or District official of the State or Territory or the District to which such nursery stock is destined, or both, as the Secretary of Agriculture may elect, of the name and address of the consignee, the nature and quantity of the stock it is proposed to ship, and the country and locality where the same was grown. No person shall ship or offer for shipment from one State or Territory or District of the United States into any other State or Territory or District any nursery stock imported into the United States without notifying the Secretary of Agriculture or, at his direction, the proper State, Territorial, or District official of the State or Territory or District to which such nursery stock is destined, or both, as the Secretary of Agriculture may elect, immediately upon the delivery of the said stock for shipment, of the name and address of the consignee, of the nature and quantity of stock it is proposed to ship, and the country and locality where the same was grown, unless and until such imported stock has been inspected by the proper official of a State, Territory, or District of the United States. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 2, 37 Stat. 316.)
157. Marking packages, etc., for entry.—No person shall import or offer for entry into the United States any nursery stock unless the case, box, package, crate, bale, or bundle thereof shall be plainly and correctly marked to show the general nature and quantity of the contents, the country and locality where the same was grown, the name and address of the shipper, owner, or person shipping or forwarding the same, and the name and address of the consignee. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 3, 37 Stat. 316.)
158. Marking packages, etc., for interstate shipment; inspection.—No person shall ship or deliver for shipment from one State or Territory or District of the United States into any other State or Territory or District any such imported nursery stock the case, box, package, crate, bale, or bundle whereof is not plainly marked so as to show the general nature and quantity of the contents, the name and address of the consignee, and the country and locality where such stock was grown, unless and until such imported stock has been inspected by the proper official of a State, Territory, or District of the United States. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 4, 37 Stat. 316.)
159. Regulations by Secretary restricting importation of plants, etc., other than "nursery stock"; notice and hearing before adoption of regulations.—Whenever the Secretary of Agriculture shall determine that the unrestricted importation of any plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products not included by the term "nursery stock" as defined in section 152 of this chapter may result in the entry into the United States or any of its Territories or Districts of injurious plant diseases or insect pests, he shall promulgate his determination, specifying the class of plants and plant products the importation of which shall be restricted and the country and locality where they are grown, and thereafter, and until such promulgation is withdrawn, such plants and plant products imported or offered for import into the United States or any of its Territories or Districts shall be subject to all the provisions of the foregoing sections of this chapter: Provided, That before the Secretary of Agriculture shall promulgate his determination that the unrestricted importation of any plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products not included by the term "nursery stock" as defined in section 152 of this chapter may result in the entry into the United States or any of its Territories or Districts of injurious plant diseases or insect pests he shall, after due notice, give a public hearing, under such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe, at which hearing any interested party may appear and be heard, either in person or by attorney. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 5, 37 Stat. 316.)
160. Regulations by Secretary restricting importation from insect-infested locality; hearing and promulgation of regulations; when quarantine effective.—Whenever, in order to prevent the introduction into the United States of any tree, plant, or fruit disease or of any injurious insect, new to or not heretofore widely prevalent or distributed within and throughout the United States, the Secretary of Agriculture shall determine that it is necessary to forbid the importation into the United States of any class of nursery stock or of any other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products from a country or locality where such disease or insect infestation exists, he shall promulgate such determination, specifying the country and locality and the class of nursery stock or other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products which, in his opinion, should be excluded. Following the promulgation of such determination by the Secretary of Agriculture, and until the withdrawal of the said promulgation by him, the importation of the class of nursery stock or of other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products specified in the said promulgation from the country and locality therein named, regardless of the use for which the same is intended, is hereby prohibited; and until the withdrawal of the said promulgation by the Secretary of Agriculture, and notwithstanding that such class of nursery stock, or other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products be accompanied by a certificate of inspection from the country of importation, no person shall import or offer for entry into the United States from any country or locality specified in such promulgation, any of the class of nursery stock or of other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products named therein, regardless of the use for which the same is intended: Provided, That before the Secretary of Agriculture shall promulgate his determination that it is necessary to forbid the importation into the United States of the articles named in this section he shall, after due notice to interested parties, give a public hearing, under such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe, at which hearing any interested party may appear and be heard, either in person or by attorney: Provided further, That the quarantine provisions of this section, as applying to the white-pine blister rust, potato wart, and the Mediterranean fruit fly, shall become and be effective on August 20, 1912. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 7, 37 Stat. 317.)
161. Interstate quarantine; shipments or removals from quarantined localities forbidden; regulations by Secretary for shipment, etc., from quarantined localities; notice and hearings; promulgation.—The Secretary of Agriculture is authorized and directed to quarantine any State, Territory, or District of the United States, or any portion thereof, when he shall determine that such quarantine is necessary to prevent the spread of a dangerous plant disease or insect infestation, new to or not theretofore widely prevalent or distributed within and throughout the United States; and the Secretary of Agriculture is directed to give notice of the establishment of such quarantine to common carriers doing business in or through such quarantined area, and shall publish in such newspapers in the quarantined area as he shall select notice of the establishment of quarantine. No person shall ship or offer for shipment to any common carrier, nor shall any common carrier receive for transportation or transport, nor shall any person carry or transport from any quarantined State or Territory or District of the United States, or from any quarantined portion thereof, into or through any other State or Territory or District, any class of nursery stock or any other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products, or any class of stone or quarry products, or any other article of any character whatsoever, capable of carrying any dangerous plant disease or insect infestation, specified in the notice of quarantine except as hereinafter provided. It shall be unlawful to move, or allow to be moved, any class of nursery stock or any other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products, or any class of stone or quarry products or any other article of any character whatsoever, capable of carrying any dangerous plant disease or insect infestation, specified in the notice of quarantine hereinbefore provided, and regardless of the use for which the same is intended, from any quarantined State or Territory or District of the United States or quarantined portion thereof, into or through any other State or Territory or District, in manner or method or under conditions other than those prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of Agriculture, when the public interests will permit, to make and promulgate rules and regulations which shall permit and govern the inspection, disinfection, certification, and method and manner of delivery and shipment of the class of nursery stock or of any other class of plants, fruits, vegetables, roots, bulbs, seeds, or other plant products, or any class of stone or quarry products, or any other article of any character whatsoever, capable of carrying any dangerous plant disease or insect infestation, specified in the notice of quarantine hereinbefore provided, and regardless of the use for which the same is intended, from a quarantined State or Territory or District of the United States, or quarantined portion thereof, into or through any other State or Territory or District; and the Secretary of Agriculture shall give notice of such rules and regulations as hereinbefore provided in this section for the notice of the establishment of quarantine: Provided, That before the Secretary of Agriculture shall promulgate his determination that it is necessary to quarantine any State, Territory, or District of the United States, or portion thereof, under the authority given in this section, he shall, after due notice to interested parties, give a public hearing under such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe, at which hearing any interested party may appear and be heard, either in person or by attorney. (Mar. 4, 1917, c. 179, 39 Stat. 1165.)
162. General rules and regulations by Secretary.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall make and promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary for carrying out the purposes of this chapter. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 9, 37 Stat. 318.)
163. General violations of chapter; forgery, alterations, etc., of certificates; punishment; proof of violations by common carrier.—Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this chapter, or who shall forge, counterfeit, alter, deface, or destroy any certificate provided for in this chapter or in the regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $500 or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the court: Provided, That no common carrier shall be deemed to have violated the provisions of any of the foregoing sections of this chapter on proof that such carrier did not knowingly receive for transportation or transport nursery stock or other plants or plant products as such from one State, Territory, or District of the United States into or through any other State, Territory, or District. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 10, 37 Stat. 318.)
164. Duty of United States attorneys to prosecute.—It shall be the duty of the United States attorneys diligently to prosecute any violations of this chapter which are brought to their attention by the Secretary of Agriculture or which come to their notice by other means. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 10, 37 Stat. 318.)
165. Federal Horticultural Board.—For the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this chapter there shall be appointed by the Secretary of Agriculture from bureaus and offices in the Department of Agriculture existing August 20, 1912, including the Bureau of Entomology, the Bureau of Plant Industry, and the Forest Service, a Federal Horticultural Board consisting of five members, of whom not more than two shall be appointed from any one bureau or office, and who shall serve without additional compensation. (Aug. 20, 1912, c. 308, § 12, 37 Stat. 319.)
166. State terminal inspection; transmission of mailed packages for State inspection; nonmailable matter; punishment for violations; rules and regulations by Postmaster General.—When any State shall provide for terminal inspection of plants and plant products, and shall establish and maintain, at the sole expense of the State, such inspection at one or more places therein, the proper officials of said State may submit to the Secretary of Agriculture a list of plants and plant products and the plant pests transmitted thereby, that in the opinion of said officials should be subject to terminal inspection in order to prevent the introduction or dissemination in said State of pests injurious to agriculture. Upon his approval of said list, in whole or in part, the Secretary of Agriculture shall transmit the same to the Postmaster General, and thereafter all packages containing any plants or plant products named in said approved lists shall, upon payment of postage therefor, be forwarded by the postmaster at the destination of said package to the proper State official at the nearest place where inspection is maintained. If the plant or plant products are found upon inspection to be free from injurious pests, or if infected shall be disinfected by said official, they shall, upon payment of postage therefor, be returned to the postmaster at the place of inspection to be forwarded to the person to whom they are addressed; but if found to be infected with injurious pests and incapable of satisfactory disinfection the State inspector shall so notify the postmaster at the place of inspection, who shall promptly notify the sender of said plants or plant products that they will be returned to him upon his request and at his expense, or in default of such request that they will be turned over to the State authorities for destruction.
It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to deposit in the United States mails any package containing any plant or plant product addressed to any place within a State maintaining inspection thereof, as herein defined, without plainly marking the package so that its contents may be readily ascertained by an inspection of the outside thereof. Whoever shall fail to so mark said packages shall be punished by a fine of not more than $100.
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized and directed to make all needful rules and regulations for carrying out the purposes hereof. (Mar. 4, 1915, c. 144, 38 Stat. 1113.)
167. Provision relating to District of Columbia regarding shipment, inspection, seizure, destruction, etc., of plants, etc.; punishment.—Prohibition against shipment generally.—In order further to control and eradicate and to prevent the dissemination of dangerous plant diseases and insect infections and infestations no plant or plant products for or capable of propagation, including nursery stock, hereinafter referred to as plants and plant products, shall be moved or allowed to be moved, shipped, transported, or carried by any means whatever into or out of the District of Columbia, except in compliance with such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture as hereinafter provided.
Eradication by owner.—Whenever the Secretary of Agriculture, after investigation, shall determine that any plants and plant products in the District of Columbia are infested or infected with insect pests and diseases and that any place, articles, and substances used or connected therewith are so infested or infected, written notice thereof shall be given by him to the owner or person in possession or control thereof, and such owner or person shall forthwith control or eradicate and prevent the dissemination of such insect pest or disease and shall remove, cut, or destroy such infested and infected plants, plant products, and articles and substances used or connected therewith, which are hereby declared to be nuisances, within the time and in the manner required in said notice or by the rules and regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture.
Eradication by Secretary of Agriculture.—Whenever such owner or person can not be found, or shall fail, neglect, or refuse to comply with the foregoing provisions of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture is hereby authorized and required to control and eradicate and prevent dissemination of such insect pest or disease and to remove, cut, or destroy infested or infected plants and plant products and articles and substances used or connected therewith, and the United States shall have an action of debt against such owner or persons for expenses incurred by the Secretary of Agriculture in that behalf.
Inspection.—Employees of the Federal Horticultural Board are hereby authorized and required to inspect places, plants, and plant products and articles and substances used or connected therewith whenever the Secretary of Agriculture shall determine that such inspections are necessary for the purposes of this section.
Entry upon premises; opening packages; destruction of plants, etc.—For the purpose of carrying out the provisions and requirements of this section and of the rules and regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture made hereunder, and the notices given pursuant thereto, employees of the Federal Horticultural Board shall have power with a warrant to enter into or upon any place and open any bundle, package, or other container of plants or plant products whenever they shall have cause to believe that infections or infestations of plant pests and diseases exist therein or thereon, and when such infections or infestations are found to exist, after notice by the Secretary of Agriculture to the owner or person in possession or control thereof and an opportunity by such owner or person to be heard, to destroy the infected or infested plants or plant products contained therein.
Search warrants.—The Police Court or the Municipal Court of the District of Columbia shall have power, upon information supported by oath or affirmation showing probable cause for believing that there exists in any place, bundle, package, or other container in the District of Columbia any plant or plant product which is infected or infested with plant pests or disease, to issue warrants for the search for and seizure of all such plants and plant products.
Rules and regulations.—It shall be the duty of the Secretary of Agriculture, and he is hereby required, from time to time, to make and promulgate all such rules and regulations as shall be necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, and any person who shall move or allow to be moved, or shall ship, transport, or carry, by any means whatever, any plant or plant products from or into the District of Columbia, except in compliance with the rules and regulations prescribed under this section, shall be punished, as is provided in section 163 of this chapter. (May 31, 1920, c. 217, 41 Stat. 727.)
