Chapter 5.—IMPORTATION OF ADULTERATED SEEDS ACT.

111. General prohibition against importation; exceptions.—The importation into the United States of seeds of alfalfa, barley, Canadian blue grass, Kentucky blue grass, awnless brome grass, buckwheat, clover, field corn, Kafir corn, meadow fescue, flax, millet, oats, orchard grass, rape, redtop, rye, sorghum, timothy, vetch, rye grass, and wheat, or mixtures of seeds containing any of such seeds as one of the principal component parts, which are adulterated or unfit for seeding purposes under the terms of this chapter, is hereby prohibited; and the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Agriculture shall, jointly or severally, make such rules and regulations as will prevent the importation of such seeds into the United States: Provided, however, That such seed may be delivered to the owner or consignee thereof under bond, to be cleaned in accordance with and subject to such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, and when cleaned to the standard of purity specified in this chapter for admission into the United States such seed may be released to the owner or consignee thereof after the screenings and other refuse removed from such seed shall have been disposed of in a manner prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture: Provided further, That this chapter shall not apply to the importation of barley, buckwheat, field corn, Kafir corn, sorghum, flax, oats, rye, or wheat not intended for seeding purposes, when shipped in bond through the United States or imported for the purpose of manufacture. (Aug. 24, 1912, c. 382, § 1, 37 Stat. 500; Aug. 11, 1916, c. 313, 39 Stat. 453.)
112. When seed deemed adulterated.—Seed shall be considered adulterated within the meaning of this chapter—
First. When seed of red clover contains more than 3 per centum by weight of seed of yellow trefoil or any other seed of similar appearance to and of lower market value than seed of red clover.
Second. When seed of alfalfa contains more than 3 per centum by weight of seed of yellow trefoil, burr clover, and sweet clover, singly or combined.
Third. When any kind or variety of the seeds, or any mixture described in section 111 of this chapter, contains more than 1 per centum by weight of seed of another kind or variety of lower market value and of similar appearance: Provided, That the mixture of the seed of white and alsike clover, red and alsike clover, or alsike clover and timothy, shall not be deemed an adulteration under this section. (Aug. 24, 1912, c. 382, § 2, 37 Stat. 501.)
113. When seed deemed unfit for seeding.—Seed shall be considered unfit for seeding purposes within the meaning of this chapter—
First. When any kind or variety of clover or alfalfa seed contains more than one seed of dodder to 5 grams of clover or alfalfa seed, respectively.
Second. When any kind or variety of the seeds or any mixture described in section 111 of this chapter contains more than 3 per centum by weight of seeds of weeds.
Third. When any kind or variety or mixture of the seeds described in section 111 of this chapter contains less than 65 per centum of live pure seed as distinguished from dead seed, chaff, dirt, other seeds, or foreign matter: Provided, however, That seed of Kentucky blue grass and seed of Canada blue grass shall not be considered unfit for seeding purposes when they contain 50 per centum or more of live pure seed. (Aug. 24, 1912, c. 382, § 3, 37 Stat. 507; Aug. 11, 1916, c. 313, 39 Stat. 453.)
114. Violations of chapter; punishment; sale of seed imported for manufacture.—Any person or persons who shall knowingly violate the provisions of this chapter shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall pay a fine of not exceeding $500 and not less than $200: Provided, That any person or persons who shall knowingly sell for seeding purposes seeds or grain which were imported under the provisions of this chapter for the purpose of manufacture shall be deemed guilty of a violation of this chapter. (Aug. 24, 1912, c. 382, § 4, 37 Stat. 507.)
