Chapter 13.—AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGES.

COLLEGE-AID LAND APPROPRIATION
301. Land grant in aid of colleges generally.—There is granted, July 2, 1862, to the several States, for the purposes hereinafter mentioned in sections 302 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, an amount of public land, to be apportioned to each State a quantity equal to thirty thousand acres for each Senator and Representative in Congress to which the States are respectively entitled by the apportionment under the census of 1860: Provided, That no mineral lands shall be selected or purchased under the provisions of sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 1, 12 Stat. 503.)
302. Method of apportionment and selection; issuance of land scrip.—The land aforesaid, after being surveyed, shall be apportioned to the several States in sections or subdivisions of sections, not less than one-quarter of a section; and whenever there are public lands in a State subject to sale at private entry at $1.25 per acre, the quantity to which said State shall be entitled shall be selected from such lands within the limits of such State, and the Secretary of the Interior is directed to issue to each of the States in which there is not the quantity of public lands subject to sale at private entry at $1.25 per acre, to which said State may be entitled under the provisions of sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, land scrip to the amount in acres for the deficiency of its distributive share; said scrip to be sold by said States and the proceeds thereof applied to the uses and purposes prescribed in sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever: Provided, That in no case shall any State to which land scrip may thus be issued be allowed to locate the same within the limits of any other State, or of any Territory of the United States, but their assignees may thus locate said land scrip upon any of the unappropriated lands of the United States subject to sale at private entry at $1.25, or less, per acre: And provided further, That not more than one million acres shall be located by such assignees in any one of the States: And provided further, That no such location shall be made before July 2, 1863. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 2, 12 Stat. 503, 504.)
303. Expenses of management, etc., to be paid by State.—All the expenses of management, superintendence, and taxes from date of selection of said lands, previous to their sales, and all expenses incurred in the management and disbursement of the moneys which may be received therefrom, shall be paid by the States to which they may belong, out of the treasury of said States, so that the entire proceeds of the sale of said lands shall be applied without any diminution whatever to the purposes hereinafter in sections 304 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter mentioned. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 3, 12 Stat. 504.)
304. Investment of proceeds of sale of land or scrip.—All moneys derived from the sale of lands aforesaid by the States to which the lands are apportioned, and from the sales of land scrip hereinbefore provided for, shall be invested in stocks of the United States or of the States, or some other safe stocks; or the same may be invested by the States having no State stocks, in any other manner after the legislatures of such States shall have assented thereto, and engaged that such funds shall yield not less than 5 per centum upon the amount so invested and that the principal thereof shall forever remain unimpaired: Provided, That the moneys so invested or loaned shall constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of which shall remain forever undiminished (except so far as may be provided in section 305 of this chapter), and the interest of which shall be inviolably appropriated, by each State which may take and claim the benefit of sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, to the endowment, support, and maintenance of at least one college where the leading object shall be, without excluding other scientific and classical studies, and including military tactics, to teach such branches of learning as are related to agriculture and the mechanic arts, in such manner as the legislatures of the States may respectively prescribe, in order to promote the liberal and practical education of the industrial classes in the several pursuits and professions in life. (Mar. 3, 1883, c. 102, 22 Stat. 484.)
305. Conditions of grant.—The grant of land and land scrip authorized in the foregoing sections of this chapter shall be made on the following conditions, to which, as well as to the provisions hereinbefore in this chapter contained, the previous assent of the several States shall be signified by legislative acts:
First. If any portion of the fund invested, as provided by the foregoing section, or any portion of the interest thereon, shall, by any action or contingency, be diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by the State to which it belongs, so that the capital of the fund shall remain forever undiminished; and the annual interest shall be regularly applied without diminution to the purposes mentioned in section 304 of this chapter, except that a sum, not exceeding 10 per centum upon the amount received by any State under the foregoing provisions of this chapter, may be expended for the purchase of lands for sites or experimental farms, whenever authorized by the respective legislatures of said States.
Second. No portion of said fund, nor the interest thereon, shall be applied, directly or indirectly, under any pretense whatever, to the purchase, erection, preservation, or repair of any building or buildings.
Third. Any State which may take and claim the benefit of the foregoing provisions of this chapter shall provide, within five years from the date of its acceptance—as provided in subdivision seven of this section, at least not less than one college, as described in section 304 of this chapter, or the grant to such State shall cease; and said State shall be bound to pay the United States the amount received of any lands previously sold, and the title to purchasers under the State shall be valid.
Fourth. An annual report shall be made regarding the progress of each college, recording any improvements and experiments made, with their cost and results, and such other matters, including State industrial and economical statistics, as may be supposed useful; one copy of which shall be transmitted by mail free, by each, to all the other colleges which may be endowed under the foregoing provisions of this chapter, and also one copy to the Secretary of the Interior.
Fifth. When lands shall be selected from those which have been raised to double the minimum price, in consequence of railroad grants, they shall be computed to the States at the maximum price, and the number of acres proportionally diminished.
Sixth. No State while in a condition of rebellion or insurrection against the Government of the United States shall be entitled to the benefit of the foregoing provisions of this chapter.
Seventh. No State shall be entitled to the benefits of the foregoing provisions of this chapter unless it shall express its acceptance thereof by its legislature within three years from July 2, 1862: Provided, That when any Territory shall become a State and be admitted into the Union, such new State shall be entitled to the benefits of the foregoing provisions of this chapter, by expressing the acceptance therein required within three years from the date of its admission into the Union, and providing the college or colleges within five years after such acceptance, as heretofore prescribed in this chapter: Provided further, That any State which has prior to July 23, 1866, expressed its acceptance of the foregoing provisions of this chapter shall have the period of five years within which to provide at least one college, as described in section 301 of this chapter, after July 2, 1867. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 5, 12 Stat. 504; July 23, 1866, c. 209, 14 Stat. 208.)
306. Land scrip; time of location.—Land scrip issued under the foregoing provisions of this chapter shall not be subject to location until after the 1st day of January, 1863. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 6, 12 Stat. 505.)
307. Fees for locating land scrip.—The land officers shall receive the same fees for locating land scrip issued under the foregoing provisions of this chapter as is on July 2, 1862, allowed for the location of military bounty land warrants under laws existing at that time: Provided, That their maximum compensation shall not be thereby increased. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 7, 12 Stat. 505.)
308. Reports by State governors of sale of scrip.—The governors of the several States to which scrip shall be issued under the foregoing provisions of this chapter shall be required to report annually to Congress all sales made of such scrip until the whole shall be disposed of, the amount received for the same, and what appropriation has been made of the proceeds. (July 2, 1862, c. 130, § 8, 12 Stat. 505.)

COLLEGE-AID ANNUAL APPROPRIATION
321. Secretary of  Interior to administer annual college-aid appropriation.—The Secretary of the Interior is hereby charged with the proper administration of sections 322 to 328 inclusive of this chapter. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 4, 26 Stat. 419.)
322. Annual appropriation generally.—There is annually appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid as provided in section 324 of this chapter, to each State and Territory for the more complete endowment and maintenance of colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts established in accordance with the provisions of sections 301 to 308 and sections 323 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter, $50,000 to be applied only to instruction in agriculture, the mechanic arts, the English language and the various branches of mathematical, physical, natural, and economic science, with special reference to their applications in the industries of life, and to the facilities for such instruction: Provided, That said colleges may use a portion of this money for providing courses for the special preparation of instructors for teaching the elements of agriculture and the mechanic arts. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 1, 26 Stat. 417; Mar. 1, 1907, c. 2107, 34 Stat. 1281.)
323. Racial discrimination by colleges restricted.—No money shall be paid out under sections 321 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter to any State or Territory for the support or maintenance of a college where a distinction of race or color is made in the admission of students, but the establishment and maintenance of such colleges separately for white and colored students shall be held to be a compliance with the provisions of sections 321 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter if the funds received in such State or Territory be equitably divided as hereinafter set forth: Provided, That in any State in which there has been one college established in pursuance of sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, and also in which an educational institution of like character has been established, or may be hereafter established, and is on August 30, 1890, aided by such State from its own revenue, for the education of colored students in agriculture and the mechanic arts, however named or styled, or whether or not it has received money prior to August 30, 1890, under sections 301 to 308, inclusive, of this chapter, the legislature of such State may propose and report to the Secretary of the Interior a just and equitable division of the fund to be received under sections 321 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter between one college for white students and one institution for colored students established as aforesaid, which shall be divided into two parts and paid accordingly, and thereupon such institution for colored students shall be entitled to the benefits of sections 321 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter and subject to its provisions, as much as it would have been if it had been included under sections 301 to 308 of this chapter, and the fulfillment of the foregoing provisions shall be taken as a compliance with the provision in reference to separate colleges for white and colored students. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 1, 26 Stat. 417.)
324. Time, manner, etc., of annual payments.—The sums appropriated by sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter to the States and Territories for the further endowment and support of colleges shall be annually paid on or before the 31st day of July of each year, by the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the warrant of the Secretary of the Interior, out of the Treasury of the United States, to the State or Territorial treasurer, or to such officer as shall be designated by the laws of such State or Territory to receive the same, who shall, upon the order of the trustees of the college, or the institution for colored students, immediately pay over said sums to the treasurers of the respective colleges or other institutions entitled to receive the same, and such treasurers shall be required to report to the Secretary of Agriculture and to the Secretary of the Interior, on or before the 1st day of September of each year, a detailed statement of the amount so received and of its disbursement. The grants of moneys authorized by sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter are made subject to the legislative assent of the several States and Territories to the purpose of said grants: Provided, That payments of such installments of the appropriation made by sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter, as shall become due to any State before the adjournment of the regular session of  legislature meeting next after August 30, 1890, shall be made upon the assent of the governor thereof, duly certified to the Secretary of the Treasury. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 2, 26 Stat. 418.)
325. State to replace funds misapplied, etc.; restrictions on use of funds; reports by colleges.—If any portion of the moneys received by the designated officer of the State or Territory for the further and more complete endowment, support, and maintenance of colleges, or of institutions for colored students, as provided in sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter, shall, by any action or contingency, be diminished or lost, or be misapplied, it shall be replaced by the State or Territory to which it belongs, and until so replaced no subsequent appropriation shall be apportioned or paid to such State or Territory; and no portion of said moneys shall be applied, directly or indirectly, under any pretense whatever, to the purchase, erection, preservation, or repair of any building or buildings. An annual report by the president of each of said colleges shall be made to the Secretary of Agriculture, as well as to the Secretary of the Interior, regarding the condition and progress of each college, including statistical information in relation to its receipts and expenditures, its library, the number of its students and professors, and also as to any improvements and experiments made under the direction of any experiment stations attached to said colleges, with their cost and results, and such other industrial and economical statistics as may be regarded as useful, one copy of which shall be transmitted by mail free to all other colleges further endowed under sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 3, 26 Stat. 418.) 
326. Ascertainment and certification of amounts due States; certificates withheld from States; appeal to Congress.—On or before the 1st day of July in each year, the Secretary of the Interior shall ascertain and certify to the Secretary of the Treasury as to each State and Territory whether it is entitled to receive its share of the annual appropriation for colleges, or of  institutions for colored students, under sections 322 to 328 inclusive of this chapter, and the amount which thereupon each is entitled, respectively, to receive. If the Secretary of the Interior shall withhold a certificate from any State or Territory of its appropriation the facts and reasons therefor shall be reported to the President, and the amount involved shall be kept separate in the Treasury until the close of the next Congress, in order that the State or Territory may, if it should so desire, appeal to Congress from the determination of the Secretary of the Interior. If the next Congress shall not direct such sum to be paid it shall be covered into the Treasury. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 811, § 4, 26 Stat. 419.) 327. Reports by Secretary of Interior of disbursements and certificates withheld.—The Secretary of the Interior shall annually report to Congress the disbursements which have been made in all the States and Territories, and also whether the appropriation of any State or Territory has been withheld, and if so, the reasons therefor. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 841, § 5, 26 Stat. 419.)
328. Power to amend, repeal, etc., reserved.—Congress may at any time amend, suspend, or repeal any or all of the provisions of sections 322 to 328, inclusive, of this chapter. (Aug. 30, 1890, c. 841, § 6, 26 Stat. 419.)

AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION WORK APPROPRIATION
341. Cooperative extension work by colleges authorized.—In order to aid in diffusing among the people of the United States useful and practical information on subjects relating to agriculture and home economics, and to encourage the application of the same, there may be inaugurated in connection with the college or colleges in each State receiving, May 8, 1914, or which may thereafter receive, the benefits of the foregoing provisions of this chapter, agricultural extension work which shall be carried on in cooperation with the United States Department of Agriculture: Provided, That in any State in which two or more such colleges have been prior to May 8, 1914, or thereafter may be established the appropriations in section 343 hereinafter made to such State shall be administered by such college or colleges as the legislature of such State may direct: Provided further, That, pending the inauguration and development of the cooperative extension work herein authorized, nothing in sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter shall be construed to discontinue either the farm management work or the farmers’ cooperative demonstration work as conducted May 8, 1914, by the Bureau of Plant Industry of the Department of Agriculture. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 1, 38 Stat. 372.)
342. “Cooperative agricultural work” defined; cooperation with Secretary of Agriculture.—Cooperative agricultural extension work shall consist of the giving of instruction and practical demonstrations in agriculture and home economics to persons not attending or resident in said colleges in the several communities, and imparting to such persons information on said subjects through field demonstrations, publications, and otherwise; and this work shall be carried on in such manner as may be mutually agreed upon by the Secretary of Agriculture and the State agricultural college or colleges receiving the benefits of sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 2, 38 Stat. 373.)
343. Appropriation for extension work generally; contribution by State.—For the purpose of paying the expenses of said cooperative agricultural extension work and the necessary printing and distributing of information in connection with the same, there is permanently appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $480,000 for each year, $10,000 of which shall be paid annually, in the manner hereinafter provided, to each State which shall by action of its legislature assent to the provisions of sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter: Provided, That there is also permanently appropriated for each year the sum of $4,100,000 in addition to the sum of $480,000 hereinbefore provided: Provided further, That before the funds herein appropriated shall become available to any college for any fiscal year plans for the work to be carried on under sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter shall be submitted by the proper officials of each college and approved by the Secretary of Agriculture. Such additional sum shall be used only for the purposes hereinbefore stated in the preceding section, and shall be allotted annually to each State by the Secretary of Agriculture and paid in the manner hereinbefore provided, in the proportion which the rural population of each State bears to the total rural population of all the States as determined by the next preceding Federal census: Provided further, That no payment out of the additional appropriation herein provided shall be made in any year to any State until an equal sum has been appropriated for that year by the legislature of such State, or provided by State, county, college, local authority, or individual contributions from within the State, for the maintenance of the cooperative agricultural extension work provided for in sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 3, 38 Stat. 373.)
344. Time and manner of payment; reports by State officers of receipts and disbursements.—The sums appropriated in the preceding section for extension work shall be paid in equal semiannual payments on the 1st day of January and July of each year by the Secretary of the Treasury upon the warrant of the Secretary of Agriculture, out of the Treasury of the United States, to the treasurer or other officer of the State duly authorized by the laws of the State to receive the same; and such officer shall be required to report to the Secretary of Agriculture, on or before the 1st day of September of each year, a detailed statement of the amount so received during the previous fiscal year, and of its disbursement, on forms prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 4, 38 Stat. 374.)
345. State to replace funds misapplied, etc.; restrictions on use of funds; reports by colleges.—If any portion of the moneys received by the designated officer of any State for the support and maintenance of cooperative agricultural extension work, as provided in sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter, shall by any action or contingency be diminished or lost, or be misapplied, it shall be replaced by said State to which it belongs, and until so replaced no subsequent appropriation shall be apportioned or paid to said State, and no portion of said moneys shall be applied, directly or indirectly, to the purchase, erection, preservation, or repair of any building or buildings, or the purchase or rental of land, or in college-course teaching, lectures in colleges, promoting agricultural trains, or any other purpose not specified in sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter, and not more than 5 per centum of each annual appropriation shall be applied to the printing and distribution of publications. It shall be the duty of each of said colleges annually, on or before the 1st day of January, to make to the governor of the State in which it is located a full and detailed report of its operations in the direction of extension work as defined in sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter, including a detailed statement of receipts and expenditures from all sources for this purpose, a copy of which report shall be sent to the Secretary of Agriculture and to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 5, 38 Stat. 374.)
346. Ascertainment and certification of amounts due States; certificates withheld from States; appeal to Congress.—On or before the 1st day of July in each year the Secretary of Agriculture shall ascertain and certify to the Secretary of the Treasury as to each State whether it is entitled to receive its share of the annual appropriation for cooperative agricultural extension work under sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter, and the amount which it is entitled to receive. If the Secretary of Agriculture shall withhold a certificate from any State of its appropriation, the facts and reasons therefor shall be reported to the President, and the amount involved shall be kept separate in the Treasury until the expiration of the Congress next succeeding a session of the legislature of any State from which a certificate has been withheld, in order that the State may, if it should so desire, appeal to Congress from the determination of the Secretary of Agriculture. If the next Congress shall not direct such sum to be paid, it shall be covered into the Treasury. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 6, 38 Stat. 374.)
347. Reports to Congress by Secretary of Agriculture.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall make an annual report to Congress of the receipts, expenditures, and results of the cooperative agricultural extension work in all of the States receiving the benefits of sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter, and also whether the appropriation of any State has been withheld; and if so, the reasons therefor. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 7, 38 Stat. 375.)
348. Power to amend, repeal, etc., reserved.—Congress may at any time alter, amend or repeal any or all of the provisions of sections 341 to 348, inclusive, of this chapter. (May 8, 1914, c. 79, § 8, 38 Stat. 375.)
